Hey ma'am
You don't tell the young master, just fly over to find him
Isn't he on a temporary business trip?
Need my care the most
How is it different?
What are you doing here?
My son misses you so much
And he made some little cakes for me to bring to you.
Do you taste it?
I don't like sweets.
So what are you interested in?
I can do it.
Satisfy you?
I like to be alone
Wushan, what do you mean?
Why are you so cold to me?
Why did you take me back to my old house?
But he never touched me
Even stay in the guest room every day
It was an accident between us
Take you back to your old house
Because we are responsible for our common son
Did I make it clear?
Make it clear and you can go